My name is Kiara, and that's my husband, Sean.
Our son at Keele moved out recently to help where the need is greater.
I didn't realize just how much he made us laugh.
I miss that, it's just more quiet now, but more than that, I felt we were growing apart.
I tried talking to him, it didn't go well.
Ever since I Keele left, things have been off between Karen and I.
She is so serious now.
I wish he would just lighten up and laugh more.
Like when I Keele was still here, as much as I hated to admit it.
It felt like we were growing apart, even I Keele noticed.
Anyway, could I ask you guys a question?
Are you both doing okay?
Because you don't look okay.
Of course we are okay, okay, we're doing wonderful, right?
Yeah, we're doing good.
We weren't fooling anyone, except maybe ourselves, and for the first time.
We both revealed to each other just how we had been really feeling.
We knew we were headed down a dangerous path.
We had to do something, fast.
We read aloud the scripture at Romans 12 and 10,
in showing honor to one another, take the lead.
We thought about Abraham and Sarah.
They weren't perfect, but they worked hard to show honor to each other.
By listening and by caring, I told Karen, I know I can do better.
And I want to, because I love her so much.
I told Sean, let's both try to do better.
So we did.
We decided to pioneer together.
Now, it seemed we had a lot to talk about.
I felt like I was seeing a whole new side of Kiera.
Like Abraham and Sarah, our marriage wasn't perfect.
There's going to be stressful times.
But by working hard to apply Bible principles,
we got through that rough patch.
And it drew us even closer together.